Add picture to docs (#1906)
tarantool/cartridge: rst/topics/failover.rst

> You could also make node unelectable in WebUI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also make a node unelectable in WebUI:
```
Please don't substitute **could** for **can** unless you're referring to the past:
1. In previous versions of the program, you could create a project in one click. - okay
2. Should you need it, you could ask for help in our Telegram chat. - not okay!

See [this page](https://www.notion.so/tarantool/Modal-verbs-in-technical-documentation-1f2b82c4f25d4e53bd3564b39c45e438) in Notion for details.

> You could also make node unelectable in WebUI:

Reviewer: I also suggest the following change:

> You can restrict node to be elected in ``stateful`` failover mode by GraphQL
> or Lua API. "Unelectable" node can't become a leader in replicaset.

You can restrict the election of a particular node in the ``stateful``failover mode by GraphQL or Lua API. An "unelectable" node can't become a leader in a replicaset.

..  image:: images/set_non_electable.png
    :align: left
    :scale: 40%

|nbsp|

> If everything is ok, you will see crossed out crown to the left of instance name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If everything is ok, you will see a crossed-out crown to the left of the instance name.
```
